(upbeat music)
Alright, we got a little bug to correct here,
and this is actually an unexpected feature,
and I think it's just because, at the time of recording,
I'm still running off of a pre-release,
and we have not gone G.A. with Spring Framework 5 just yet
and I wanna take this as a learning opportunity
to show you some advanced features.
Now, here on line 52 we are doing a validate,
or valid, @Valid, against the RecipeCommand object.
And we're passing in the BindingResult.
Now, I would personally expect this to work the same,
whether we're on the reactive stack or
in the traditional Servlet stack.
However, it is not, and this could easily change
in the very near future as Spring matures the platform
of the reactive applications, but for right now
this is failing, so let me show you what's happening here.
Let's go into the update and toggle over to Chrome.
We're gonna go in and try to update this.
And now we get a 500 error,
so we have something unhappy on the server side.
So let's come over here and expand out this window here.
And we're seeing that, that's failing to resolve
the argument of BindingResult,
so what's trying to happen is that the framework's
trying to autowire that in for the method
and it's not finding that BindingResult
for whatever reason.
So I would expect this is probably gonna change,
but I'm gonna show you a workaround here,
and it's pretty simple to implement
so let me shrink this back down.
And we can stop this guy from running for right now,
and what we wanna do is
get a handle on the WebDataBinder.
So we're gonna add in a method like that,
and then we can do public,
and this is a way to get a handle on the binding framework
within Spring Framework,
and we give it the annotation,
and before when we were using this
it was fairly transparent for us,
and now we just wanna go this dot,
so initialize that, and what I found is not working
is that the @Valid annotation is not happy,
nor is the BindingResult,
so we're gonna get rid of both of those,
but ... oops, spell that right ...
Now we can say,
we're gonna go ahead and validate the binding and then
so we're just kind of doing a manual workaround there
so we're getting a handle on the WebDataBinder
and this is going to contain binding information
of what was bound in this call.
So we're gonna go ahead and call the validate method
and that's gonna tell it to say,
"Hey, go ahead and perform validation on it."
This method here really exists so that we can
customize validation pretty easily.
I didn't show you that earlier within Spring,
obviously, that's kind of a not very commonly used function
but this does give us the capability to get
a hold of the WebDataBinder,
and now we're gonna take
that BindingResult manually from it,
and everything else is gonna stay the same now
so let's go ahead and start that back up.
Oops, what am I missing there, oops.
An extra @ sign, so I bet
it's gonna work a lot better now.
So we are up and running, let's toggle back over to Chrome,
and now let's go in and update this,
and if you remember I have bad data here
so all I gotta do is hit update, or Submit,
and now we get our error handling invoked again,
so the error handling is working properly,
so we did the binding, we did go through and validate
our data validation and got our error messages,
so, a little bit of workaround and I do wanna stress,
this is probably gonna change.
I think it's likely a bug within the Spring Framework
right now and as the reactive stuff matures
I think this is gonna change,
but I wanted to show you a quick learning opportunity
so that we can get a handle on the WebDataBinder
and now we're manually doing it,
so in the old days this is really how you did
validation with the Spring Framework,
so this is pretty common stuff here
for guys that have been using Spring for a long time
but with the reactive stuff right now it's
kind of a workaround, so I'm kind of glad I ran into that,
it was an opportunity to show you something
a little bit different within the Spring Framework.